1.Topic: Doctor Wrinkle

    John had been driving for hours in a Vietnamese countryside and he started to fall asleep.
Suddenly he woke up and saw a truck comming right for him. He swerved out of the way, hit a pothole and flew
into a ditch. It took him a couple moments to recover, but when he finally regained consciousness, he saw his wrist
was snapped and dangling. He saw it dangling from his arm and then he screamed in pain. His wrist was broken and his legs
and ankles were covered in open wounds. He looked over his bike and saw smoke comming from it. He realized his bike was
as useless as his wrist. He stood up, and limped back to the road. His whole body acked. He looked around for anyone,
anyone that would come to for his aid and save him.
    And then a miracle arrived in the form of a bald man driving a motobike with a cigarette is his mouth.
The man stopped and looked John up and down. John begged the man, "Help me! Please, help! Doctor! Hospital ! Surgery!". 
He said everythign he knew that he thought the man might understand. Without flinching, the man just nodded his head and then 
motioned for John to get on the back of the bike. John eboyed the man and they drove off. They arrived in a village nearby,
in the home of a lady who must have been two hundred years old, John thought.
    Her home looked like a pharmacy, with pill bottles and tablets laying everywhere. John sat down and withoung saying anything,
the woman looked at John's wrist without a reaction as if is was just another usual day. She then went to prepare a remedy and filled
a needle with a dose of an unknow liquid." Please don't be poison..." John thought to himself. Anxiety tightened his throat as he
prepared for a ten centimeter needlestick to enter his body. She injected him and removed the needle, then she licked her thumb and
rubbed it over the needle wound. The woman wrapped up his wrist and just like that, the operation was over. John walked out of the
house unsure if he would heal soon or if he just contracted some disease. "Anyway..." he thought, "... what to do about my bike?".
